README.rst, before:

Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox
=====================
|pyansys| |python| |pypi| |GH-CI| |codecov| |MIT| |ruff| |doc|

..
   |ansys-scade| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansys-SCADE-ffb71b?labelColor=black&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
   :target: https://github.com/ansys-scade/
   :alt: Ansys SCADE

.. |pyansys| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Py-Ansys-ffc107.svg?logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
   :target: https://docs.pyansys.com/

.. |python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ansys-scade-pyalmgw?logo=pypi
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/ansys-scade-pyalmgw/
   :alt: Python

.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ansys-scade-pyalmgw.svg?logo=python&logoColor=white
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/ansys-scade-pyalmgw
   :alt: PyPI

.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/ansys/scade-pyalmgw
   :alt: Codecov

.. |GH-CI| image:: https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml

.. |MIT| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
   :alt: MIT

.. |ruff| image:: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json
   :target: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff
   :alt: Ruff

.. |doc| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-pyalmgw-green.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com
   :alt: Doc


Overview
--------
Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox is <TODO>.

Requirements
------------
The ``ansys-scade-pyalmgw`` package supports only the versions of Python delivered with
Ansys SCADE, starting from 2021 R2:

* 2021 R2 through 2023 R1: Python 3.7
* 2023 R2 and later: Python 3.10

Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox has two installation modes: user and developer. To install for use,
see `Getting started <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/getting_started/index.html>`_.
To install for development, see `Contribute <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/contributing.html>`_.

Documentation and issues
------------------------
Documentation for the latest stable release of Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox is hosted at
`Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox documentation <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.

In the upper right corner of the documentation's title bar, there is an option for
switching from viewing the documentation for the latest stable release to viewing the
documentation for the development version or previously released versions.

On the `Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox Issues <https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/issues>`_
page, you can create issues to report bugs and request new features. On the `Discussions <https://discuss.ansys.com/>`_
page on the Ansys Developer portal, you can post questions, share ideas, and get community feedback.

License
~~~~~~~
Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox is licensed under the MIT license.

This toolkit makes no commercial claim over Ansys whatsoever. The use of this toolkit
requires a legally licensed copy of the Ansys SCADE Suite. For more information,
see the `Ansys SCADE Suite <https://www.ansys.com/products/embedded-software/ansys-scade-suite>`_
page on the Ansys website.

Commit message:

Add a minimal level of documentation

README.rst, after:

Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox
=====================
|pyansys| |python| |pypi| |GH-CI| |codecov| |MIT| |ruff| |doc|

..
   |ansys-scade| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Ansys-SCADE-ffb71b?labelColor=black&logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
   :target: https://github.com/ansys-scade/
   :alt: Ansys SCADE

.. |pyansys| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/Py-Ansys-ffc107.svg?logo=data:image/png;base64,iVBORw0KGgoAAAANSUhEUgAAABAAAAAQCAIAAACQkWg2AAABDklEQVQ4jWNgoDfg5mD8vE7q/3bpVyskbW0sMRUwofHD7Dh5OBkZGBgW7/3W2tZpa2tLQEOyOzeEsfumlK2tbVpaGj4N6jIs1lpsDAwMJ278sveMY2BgCA0NFRISwqkhyQ1q/Nyd3zg4OBgYGNjZ2ePi4rB5loGBhZnhxTLJ/9ulv26Q4uVk1NXV/f///////69du4Zdg78lx//t0v+3S88rFISInD59GqIH2esIJ8G9O2/XVwhjzpw5EAam1xkkBJn/bJX+v1365hxxuCAfH9+3b9/+////48cPuNehNsS7cDEzMTAwMMzb+Q2u4dOnT2vWrMHu9ZtzxP9vl/69RVpCkBlZ3N7enoDXBwEAAA+YYitOilMVAAAAAElFTkSuQmCC
   :target: https://docs.pyansys.com/

.. |python| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/pyversions/ansys-scade-pyalmgw?logo=pypi
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/ansys-scade-pyalmgw/
   :alt: Python

.. |pypi| image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/ansys-scade-pyalmgw.svg?logo=python&logoColor=white
   :target: https://pypi.org/project/ansys-scade-pyalmgw
   :alt: PyPI

.. |codecov| image:: https://codecov.io/gh/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/branch/main/graph/badge.svg
   :target: https://codecov.io/gh/ansys/scade-pyalmgw
   :alt: Codecov

.. |GH-CI| image:: https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml/badge.svg
   :target: https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/actions/workflows/ci_cd.yml

.. |MIT| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg
   :target: https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
   :alt: MIT

.. |ruff| image:: https://img.shields.io/endpoint?url=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/astral-sh/ruff/main/assets/badge/v2.json
   :target: https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff
   :alt: Ruff

.. |doc| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/docs-pyalmgw-green.svg?style=flat
   :target: https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com
   :alt: Doc


Overview
--------
Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox provides a high level interface to the
Ansys SCADE LifeCycle customization APIs:

* Connection to a new ALM tool
* Customization of the export of the surrogate model

Requirements
------------
The ``ansys-scade-pyalmgw`` package supports only the versions of Python delivered with
Ansys SCADE, starting from 2021 R2:

* 2021 R2 through 2023 R1: Python 3.7
* 2023 R2 and later: Python 3.10

Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox has two installation modes: user and developer. To install for use,
see `Getting started <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/getting_started/index.html>`_.
To install for development, see `Contribute <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/contributing.html>`_.

Documentation and issues
------------------------
Documentation for the latest stable release of Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox is hosted at
`Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox documentation <https://pyalmgw.scade.docs.pyansys.com/>`_.

In the upper right corner of the documentation's title bar, there is an option for
switching from viewing the documentation for the latest stable release to viewing the
documentation for the development version or previously released versions.

On the `Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox Issues <https://github.com/ansys/scade-pyalmgw/issues>`_
page, you can create issues to report bugs and request new features. On the `Discussions <https://discuss.ansys.com/>`_
page on the Ansys Developer portal, you can post questions, share ideas, and get community feedback.

License
~~~~~~~
Ansys SCADE ALM Gateway Python Toolbox is licensed under the MIT license.

This toolkit makes no commercial claim over Ansys whatsoever. The use of this toolkit
requires a legally licensed copy of the Ansys SCADE Suite. For more information,
see the `Ansys SCADE Suite <https://www.ansys.com/products/embedded-software/ansys-scade-suite>`_
page on the Ansys website.
